{{Short description|2024 horror film by Curry Barker}}
{{Infobox film
| name           = Milk & Serial
| image          = Milk & Serial.jpg
| alt            = 
| caption        = ''Milk & Serial'''s [[YouTube]] thumbnail, featuring [[Curry Barker]] as Milk
| director       = [[Curry Barker]]
| writer         = Curry Barker
| producer       = {{Plainlist|
* Cooper Tomlinson
* Curry Barker
}}
| starring       = {{Plainlist|
* Curry Barker
* Cooper Tomlinson
* Adlih Alvarado
}}
| editing        = Curry Barker
| cinematography = {{Plainlist|
* Curry Barker
* Cooper Tomlinson
}}
| music          = Curry Barker
| studio         = that's a bad idea
| distributor    = that's a bad idea (Through [[YouTube]])
| released       = {{Film date|2024|08|08|}}
| runtime        = 62 minutes
| country        = United States
| language       = English
| budget         = $800
}}'''''Milk & Serial''''' is a 2024 American [[horror film]] written and directed by [[Curry Barker]], in his directorial debut. The [[Found footage (film technique)|found footage]] film stars Barker and Cooper Tomlinson, the [[Double act|comedy duo]] best known for their YouTube [[sketch comedy]] channel "that's a bad idea<!--Stylized in lower case-->". With a budget of [[Dollar sign|$]]800, the duo made it in four months. After failing to work with a film distributor, Barker decided to release the full movie on to [[YouTube]] for free. It was released on August 8, 2024. ''Milk & Serial'' received positive reviews from critics.

== Plot ==
On March 13th, a man named Seven is recording a prank video for his roommate Milk. He buys a gun and some blanks. 

The night of Milk's birthday, he hosts a party at his apartment, joined by friends Link, Naomi, and Lara. During a game of "Never Have I Ever", Milk admits to killing a cat. Seven's improv friend, who he hired as part of the prank, arrives and shoots Naomi in the gut, except it turns out to be a prank, impressing Milk. Someone knocks on the door, and Milk goes to answer, but it turns out to be a neighbor, Greg, complaining about the noise. 

After the party, Milk, Link, and Naomi go to [[7-Eleven]] to record another video. On the way home, they see Greg standing at the corner, but Milk is convinced that he is part of another prank.

The next day, Seven and Milk discover Greg is sitting on the couch downstairs. Milk wants to apologize, but Greg suddenly disappears. They find Greg upstairs, and Seven records his breakdown as Milk calms Greg down by promising to have dinner with him. Before they head out, Naomi comes back, upset that Lara, who she was in a relationship with, broke up with her via text.

At Greg's apartment, Milk and Seven dine with him, but they end up passing out from the drugs in the drinks. Out in the desert, Greg holds Milk and Seven at gunpoint, but Seven manages to shoot him in self defense. Milk reveals that everything that happened was a prank, surprising Seven. However, Greg is revealed to have been shot for real, and dies from his injury.

Three days earlier, Milk is revealed to have met Greg, a struggling actor, and roped him into a plan. On the day of the party, after the 7-Eleven visit and altercation with Greg, Milk reveals his prank plan to Link. He also manages to abduct Lara and traps her in a room, revealing he sent the breakup text. Milk also is revealed to have swapped out Seven's blanks with real bullets. Before the dinner, Greg objects to Milk's plan, but Milk convinces him to not quit.

Back in the present, Milk convinces Seven that they have to bury Greg's body, which they do. The next day, Milk begins gaslighting Seven, causing Seven to beat him up. Milk retreats to his secret room, where he bludgeons Lara to death. Milk and Seven are visited by Greg's son Frank, so Milk has Seven use Greg's phone to make it appear that he has gone missing. Frank starts to believe that he is being pranked, so Milk murders him. A guilt-ridden Seven attempts to back out, but Milk plans to kill him as part of his plan. Before Milk can, Seven fatally shoots him. As Milk's camera lies on the ground, another shot is heard, and the camera moves.

== Cast ==

* [[Curry Barker]] as Milk
* Cooper Tomlinson as Seven
* Adlih Alvarado as Naomi 
* Sterling L. Pope as Link
* Jonnathon Cripple as Greg
* John Simmonds as Frank 
* Gloria Karel as Lara
* Andy Dubitsky as Arms Dealer
* Tristan Welsh as Jason
* Paul Santoli as Paul
* Rob Harrow as Cop

Credits adapted from ''[[Bloody Disgusting]]''.<ref name=":0">{{Cite web |last=Drew |first=Ari |title='Milk & Serial' - New Found Footage Movie Is One of This Year's Hidden Horror Gems - Bloody Disgusting |url=https://bloody-disgusting.com/editorials/3826876/milk-serial-new-found-footage-movie-is-one-of-this-years-best-kept-secrets/ |archive-url=http://web.archive.org/web/20260101202929/https://bloody-disgusting.com/editorials/3826876/milk-serial-new-found-footage-movie-is-one-of-this-years-best-kept-secrets/ |archive-date=2026-01-01 |access-date=2026-03-30 |website=bloody-disgusting.com |language=en-US}}</ref>

== Production and release ==
''Milk & Serial'' was made by the [[Double act|comedy duo]] [[Curry Barker]] and Cooper Tomlinson.<ref name=":1">{{Cite web |last=Earl |first=William |date=2024-08-26 |title=How ‘Milk & Serial,’ a Clever Slasher Made for $800 and Released for Free on YouTube, Became a Must-Watch for Horror Fans |url=https://variety.com/2024/film/news/milk-serial-curry-barker-slasher-youtube-1236116310/ |access-date=2026-03-30 |website=Variety |language=en-US}}</ref> The duo had previously gathered a fan base on [[YouTube]] with their [[sketch comedy]] channel "that's a bad Idea<!--Stylized in lower case-->".<ref>{{Cite web |last=Couch |first=Aaron |date=2025-09-10 |title=A Year Ago, He Was Making $800 YouTube Movies. Now He's Sold a Horror Pic For Millions |url=https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/movies/movie-features/obsession-deal-curry-barker-movie-1236367298/ |access-date=2026-03-30 |website=The Hollywood Reporter |language=en-US}}</ref> The channel also occasionally did other projects, including the 2023 viral horror short film "The Chair".<ref name=":1" /> ''Milk & Serial'' was the duo's first feature in the genre.<ref name=":0" /> The budget for ''Milk & Serial'' was [[Dollar sign|$]]800, and was primarily spent on hiring an actor and buying a [[Sony camcorders|Sony camcorder]] camera.<ref name=":2">{{Cite news |last=Heritage |first=Stuart |date=2024-08-28 |title=Milk & Serial: the vicious, viral $800-budget horror that's free to watch |url=https://www.theguardian.com/film/article/2024/aug/28/milk-serial-horror-youtube-review |access-date=2026-03-30 |work=The Guardian |language=en-GB |issn=0261-3077}}</ref> ''Milk & Serial'' was shot over four months, with help from their friends playing other roles and working weekends depending on everyone's availability.<ref name=":1" />

After a year of trying to get [[film distributor]] for ''Milk & Serial'', Barker decided to release the full movie on to video-sharing platform [[YouTube]] for free. In an interview with ''[[Variety (magazine)|Variety]]'', Barker said "So even though we worked really hard for a year trying to get distribution for this thing, we said screw it and threw it on YouTube."<ref name=":1" /> ''Milk & Serial'' was released on August 8, 2024.<ref name=":1" /><ref name=":2" />

== Reception ==
''Milk & Serial'' received positive reviews from critics. Stuart Heritage of ''[[The Guardian]]'' praised the story, and said "As a film it's great. There are some incredibly neatly observed moments, such as when the main character describes [[gaslighting]] as 'when you prank somebody but make them think it's their fault'." Heritage compared it to other found footage film like ''[[The Blair Witch Project]]'', ''[[Paranormal Activity]],'' and [[Rob Savage]]'s ''[[Host (film)|Host]]''.<ref name=":2" /> Timothy Rawles of ''iHorror'' said "Move over ''[[Longlegs]]'' and [[Cuckoo (2024 film)|''Cuckoo'']], one of the most disturbing movies of the year is actually on YouTube. For free."<ref>{{Cite web |last=Rawles |first=Timothy |date=2024-08-27 |title=YouTube Found-Footage Horror Short Might Be One of the Best Movies of the Year |url=https://ihorror.com/youtube-found-footage-horror-short-might-be-one-of-the-best-movies-of-the-year/ |access-date=2026-03-30 |website=iHorror |language=en-US}}</ref>

Mary McAndrews of ''[[Dread Central]]'' named ''Milk & Serial'' as among the "best found footage films of 2024" and said "It's a simple story supported by some harrowing performances and clever editing."<ref>{{Cite web |last=McAndrews |first=Mary Beth |date=2024-12-28 |title=The 10 Best Found Footage Horror Films of 2024 |url=https://www.dreadcentral.com/editorials/519087/the-10-best-found-footage-horror-films-of-2024/ |access-date=2026-03-30 |website=Dread Central |language=en-US}}</ref> William Earl of ''[[Variety (magazine)|Variety]]'' said "Curry Barker has delivered the year's most unlikely hit."<ref name=":1" /> Yonni Uribe of ''Slug Mag'' said "This film is not one to miss if you're a horror nerd with an affinity for found footage." Uribe compared it to other horror internet projects made by [[Chris Stuckmann]] and [[Kane Parsons|Kane Pixels]].<ref>{{Cite web |last=Barnhart |first=Alton |date=2024-09-11 |title=Film Review: Milk & Serial - SLUG Magazine |url=https://www.slugmag.com/arts/film/film-reviews/film-review-milk-serial/ |access-date=2026-03-30 |website=slugmag.com |language=en-US}}</ref> Ari Drew of ''[[Bloody Disgusting]]'' said it is "one of the year's best-kept secrets".<ref name=":2" />

== References==
{{Reflist}}

== External links ==

* {{YouTube|pbzGQ1lszv4|''Milk & Serial'' (Found Footage Horror Film)}}

[[Category:2024 YouTube videos]]
[[Category:2024 films]]
[[Category:Films released on YouTube]]
[[Category:Found_footage_horror_films]]
[[Category:2024 horror films]]
[[Category:Films about pranks]]